MODPATRON-79 Add sorting of patron account info (#84)
folio-org/mod-patron: README.md

actions via the discovery service's UI.

## Additional information

> The endpoint GET '/patron/account/{accountId}' has optional query parameter 'sortBy' 
> that indicates the order of records within the lists of holds, charges, loans.
> The value of 'sortBy' parameter is appended as a part of a CQL query that's evaluated 
> during separate corresponding calls to retrieve holds, charges and loans.
> If 'sortBy' is specified then it only can be used to sort one type of records, 
> and it can not be applied to all holds, charges and loans records at the same time.
> Currently, it doesn't work for loans.item object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The endpoint GET '/patron/account/{accountId}' has optional query parameter 'sortBy' 
that indicates the order of records within the lists of holds, charges, loans.
The value of 'sortBy' parameter is appended as a part of a CQL query that's evaluated 
during separate corresponding calls to retrieve holds, charges and loans.
Often, a given value of 'sortBy' will only work with one type of record (holds, loans, 
or charges), e.g. item.title works for holds, but not loans/charges.  The expectation is 
that when using the 'sortBy' parameter, separate calls will be made for retrieving 
holds, loans, and charges.  In cases where multiple 'include*' parameters are 'true' and
'sortBy' is used, it's possibile (if not probable) that some of those lists will not be sorted
as desired. 
```

Author: Updated
